21.1.5 update (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-dock-layout-manager-use-events-to-dynamically-customize-context-menus: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1751)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Use Events to Dynamically Customize Context Menus

This example uses the [DockLayoutManager.ShowingMenu](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.ShowingMenu) event to customize a [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel)'s context menu. The menu uses customization actions to customize bars. This example creates two actions:

> - a [BarButtonItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.BarButtonItem) object is an action that adds the [BarButtonItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.BarButtonItem) object to the menu.

Reviewer: "A BarButtonItem object... adds the BarButtonItem object..."? Is this statement correct?

Also, can we update the list item style so that it's similar to my suggestion on line 11 below?

Author: ```suggestion
- a [BarButtonItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.BarButtonItem) object is a menu action.

```

> - an [InsertBarItemLinkAction](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.InsertBarItemLinkAction) object is an action that inserts a bar item link to the menu (in the example it inserts a separator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [InsertBarItemLinkAction](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.InsertBarItemLinkAction) object — an action that inserts a bar item link into the menu (in the example, it inserts a separator).
```

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1751)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Use Events to Dynamically Customize Context Menus

This example uses the [DockLayoutManager.ShowingMenu](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockLayoutManager.ShowingMenu) event to customize a [LayoutPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.LayoutPanel)'s context menu. The menu uses customization actions to customize bars. This example creates two actions:

> - a [BarButtonItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.BarButtonItem) object is a menu action.

Author: ```suggestion
- a [BarButtonItem](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Bars.BarButtonItem) object — a menu action.

```
